---
layout: creative-post
title: Man Hole
author: Ann Lightcap Bruno
author-email: annbruno@wheelerschool.org
author-bio:     This is a test author bio. Where someone says things about themselfs. And probably try to be witty and original but in so trying, because everyone so tries, aren't witty or original. But if they try to be plain or, ew, unpleasant, then that's bad too. Can't win with these.
---

 

He must have done it late at night,  
fuck you body slam against that wall,  
or hurled baseball trophy, impaled broom,  
or perhaps simply that old cliché, the fist --  
in time for breakfast there it was --  
emblem of some rage or hurt,  
some disgrace, heartache even, mine too, tacit,  
shrugged off by his father. Typical, he said.  

For months, then the better part of that year,  
it gaped raw and torn. Every day coming down  
to eat or leave, there, at the foot of the stairs  
upon the wall, an unhealing venous ulcer,  
it was something to ignore though impossible.  

In the first days of January we were at Home Depot  
for rock salt and I was the one  
who found a man and asked what we needed.  
Nonplussed he took us to the right aisle.   
I raised boys myself, he said.  

His father cut a clean square from the drywall with a razor,  
removing the blasted center,  
and the boy flattened the mesh panel with the expanse of his hand  
but both grew disinterested after the first layer  
or so of slathering joint compound   
and so it became mine to fix though truly it was theirs.  
It took something like six layers for the hole to close,  
six layers of my smoothing it on   
like icing a cake before writing someone’s name,  
then sanding with the finest paper I could find,  
then waiting for the surface to dry completely  
before starting it all again, and finally   
painting the wall a new color, some deep  
deep blue I liked: Ravine, Sanctuary, Adriatic.  
I can’t recall. They don’t make it anymore.  

In the right light I can see the apparition  
of the patch beneath the paint, its lattice softly ridged.  
No one seems to notice it but me – still,  
I might have been more patient.  

Ann Lightcap Bruno
